[Fix #10529] Fix autocorrect for `Style/SoleNestedConditional` (#10532)
rubocop/rubocop: changelog/fix_autocorrect_for_style_sole_nested_confitional.md

> * [#10529](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/10529): Fix autocorrect for `Style/SoleNestedConditional` causes logical error when using a outer condition of send_type by omitting parentheses for method arguments. ([@nobuyo][])

Reviewer: Can you replace "send_type" with "method call"? 

```suggestion
* [#10529](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/issues/10529): Fix autocorrect for `Style/SoleNestedConditional` causes logical error when using a outer condition of method call by omitting parentheses for method arguments. ([@nobuyo][])
```
